[SC-818] Improve Source Code Integration documentation guide (#13135)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

## Overview

> The source code integration is an integration with Git that allows you to link your telemetry (such as stack traces) with your source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code integration is an integration with Git that enables you to link your telemetry (such as stack traces) with your source code.
```

> {{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/link-to-github.png" alt="Inline code snippet" style="width:90%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="integrations/guide/source_code_integration/link-to-github.png" alt="Inline code snippet of a Java RuntimeException with a button to view the code in Github" style="width:90%;">}}
```

## Configuration

<div class="alert alert-info">
The source code integration supports Go and all JVM languages.
<br>

> You need to be using Datadog Agent 7.33.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Agent 7.33.0 or higher is required.
```

</div>

> To map telemetry data with your source code, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To map telemetry data with your source code:
```

1. Add `git.commit.sha` and `git.repository_url` tags to your containers, or directly on your telemetry.
2. Upload metadata about your git repository by running [`datadog-ci git-metadata upload`][1] in your CI pipeline.
3. Optionally, [install a GitHub App][2] to display inline source code snippets.

### Tag your telemetry

To link data to a specific commit, tag your telemetry with a `git.commit.sha` tag.

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Containers" %}}

Reviewer: Changing this to "Containers" doesn't seem quite right, since Kubernetes technically also deals with containers.

Author: I thought about changing this to "Docker & containerd", but Kubernetes can also be using both these container runtimes; my reasoning was that "Containers" next to "Kubernetes" would naturally be understood. I don't know if there is a term we generally use to designate non-k8s containers in other places of the documentation that could apply here ?

Reviewer: I just checked in with our docs expert, @ceciliawatt and it sounds like we should keep this tab as Docker, and the containerd part can be assumed/implied since it started as a component of docker. I think this would also be better for SEO and someone just scanning through the page, since this tab is still primarily about docker. (also, I just remembered changing the tab name could change a bunch of people's bookmarks if they've bookmarked this, and they'd end up on the k8s tab by default if it gets changed)

Author: Sounds good, thanks for looking into it ! I updated the PR accordingly.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This approach requires Docker, or containerd >= 1.5.6. For other container setups, see "Other".

Reviewer: ...where is "Other"? there was one in the K8s tab but it looks like it's been deleted/replaced.

Author: It's referencing the third "Other" tab: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/ronan/sci-docs-improvements/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=other#tag-your-telemetry

Maybe there is a better way to do it, by having a link that switches the tab directly ?

Reviewer: Ah ok I just missed the beginning of that tab when I was looking through the source. I'm not sure if there's a way to link to a tab from a tab, but I think we could probably just add some more context here at the end of the sentence
```suggestion
This approach requires Docker, or containerd >= 1.5.6. For other container setups, see the "Other" section.
```

</div>

> If you are running your app in containers, Datadog can extract source code information directly from your images' Docker labels. During build time, follow the [Open Containers standard][1] to add the git commit SHA and repository URL as a Docker labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running your app in containers, Datadog can extract source code information directly from your images' Docker labels. During build time, follow the [Open Containers standard][1] to add the git commit SHA and repository URL as Docker labels:
```
